Step-by-step guide to distribute a new release (PR) (#226)
hashgraph/hedera-sdk-cpp: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing to the Hedera SDK for JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contributing to the Hedera SDK for C++
```

Author: Fixed in ad3ea037429a4f2cf9cadc72d920c2cf9d020b39.

Thank you for your interest in contributing the Hedera SDK for C++!

We appreciate your interest in helping us and the rest of our community. We welcome bug reports, feature requests, and code contributions.

**Jump To:**

- [Release New Version](#release-new-version)

## Release New Version

### Step 1 - Populate New Tag

Prepare a new git `tag` and push it to `origin`.

Add a new git `tag` using the following command in terminal where `v0.3.0` is the name of the newly added tag:
> git tag -s v0.3.0

Then execute:
> git push origin v0.3.0

It will populate the newly added tag in `origin`. 

### Step 2 - Draft Release in GitHub

Open [Hedera C++ SDK](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-sdk-cpp) and search for `Create a new release` link.
Select tag `v0.3.0` from the dropdown list. Enter the Release title to be same as the release number which is been prepared (for example: `v0.3.0`).

### Step 3 - Notes

> It's a good decision to tap direclty on button `Generate release notes` to get an automatically generated notes which can be used as a basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a good decision to tap directly on button `Generate release notes` to get automatically generated notes which can be used as a basis.
```

> #### What's Changed

Reviewer: We currently have this section called `What's New`

Author: Fixed in ad3ea037429a4f2cf9cadc72d920c2cf9d020b39.

> In this section should be filled all of the issues which have been completed and merged into `main` branch. Use only the title of each issue and add a prefix with ➡️.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section should be filled with all of the issues which have been completed and merged into `main` branch. Use only the title of each issue and add a prefix with ➡️.
```

This section also should just contain the over-arching new features and bug fixes in plain English.

#### Examples

> In this section should be listed all of the newly added examples. Each of them should represent a link to the implementation (for example: [TransferTokensExample.cc](TransferTokensExample.cc)). It's a good idea also to add prefix with ➡️ before each line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section should list all of the newly added examples. Each of them should represent a link to the implementation (for example: [TransferTokensExample.cc](TransferTokensExample.cc)). It's a good idea also to add prefix with ➡️ before each line.
```
